

Event Horizon Frontier is a breathtaking strategy war game in a cosmic Universe, in which you will have to protect your own impregnable starbase from supernatural aliens and ufo that crept aboard your badly damaged spaceships and rockets.

You, as the main creator and builder of such a huge space base, worked up a sweat so that the starbase works properly, all your rocketships and galactic spacecraft can fly in numerous galaxies, successfully land humans on the Moon and conduct orbital intercosmic flights. At present, you maintain the starbase in excellent condition, periodically update your military force and build some galactic shuttles from scratch in order to be ready for any battle with the intellectual ufo from the void above.

Mysterious aliens are transforming the human crew into horrendous monsters… The remaining crewmen desperately try to save their lives by escaping from the space fleet, but in the darkness of your cosmic station the aliens are howling wildly… What should you do as an experienced astronaut and a talented astroneer? How are you going to protect your interplanetary station against bloodthirsty and hungry creatures?

You must protect your personal galactic lair from ufo invaders and save yourself by choosing limitless upgrade options as well as using different ships and equipment, including onboard computers on your starbase, global navigation satellite system, hyperdrive warp system, powerful laser weapons, orbital weaponry and lightsabers.

GAME FEATURES: - Arcade hardcore and dynamic Universe battles! Take part in star wars! - Over 80 individual interstellar aircraft to fly and upgrade - build your own military force and start conquering the entire Universe! You will be able to fly airwings, V-gers, warbirds, starfighters, X-wings, many other powerful cosmic aircraft! - Evolve your military force as you advance and level up in the game. - Defeat dozens of ufo like men in black!

- Unlock more than 160 different upgrades and weapons during the game, including hyperdrive warp system, lightsabers, rayguns, shotguns, grenades, laser cannons and swords.

160 different upgrades and weapons during the game, including hyperdrive warp system, lightsabers, rayguns, shotguns, grenades, laser cannons and swords.
