Galaxy is attacked ! Event Horizon is an offline space shooting game for defend your space base from alien leagues cosmic invaders . In this arcade galaxy shooter game space combat you build starships and space shooter ships and fight armadas . If you’re fan of free space games this action game with Galaxy Attack battle against extreme boss of the galaxia is for you.

SPACE SHOOTING ARMADAS

Best Star shooter of 2021! Shoot bosses in our Star shooter and action shooter . This space shooting game is an arcade galaxy shooter game space combat and Perfect Shoot ‘em up with extreme missions , strongest weapon and striker bosses . Our infinity shooting game alien shooter with extreme boss and cosmic settlers is the best variant for arcade shooting game lovers.

EPIC ACTION GAME IN SPACE & PvP BATTLE

Event Horizon is an arcade shooting game with extreme boss , epic battles and missions . Galaxy is on fire in the age of war ! This original action shooter is all about alien leagues action space battles and PvP battle galaxy games clash fights . Build your astracraft and fight armadas of cosmic invaders on your fighter ship . Galaxy Attack battle in space arena waits for you in free offline PvP battle attack app.

GALAXY ATTACK BATTLE & OFFLINE SPACE ARMADA

Galaxy is attacked ! Epic action game is now! Join galactic team battle in our Space armada strategy with missions and cosmic settlers like spaceship games stellaris . Our epic combat strategy game with extreme boss is for you! You have to defend your space base from alien invaders in Clash fights of space battles on fire and make alliances with alien leagues in original action shooter offline games .
Event Horizon is an offline multiplayer PvP with strategic gameplay . Attention! The Best arcade galaxy shooter game space combat of 2021 is found! If you like Eve echoes so let’s try epic combat of the greatest starfleet armada and watch lone spaceship dodge enemy's bullets

BUILD STARSHIPS & CUSTOMIZE SPACE ARENA

Event Horizon is a spaceship builder and your pocket build like MergeCrafter for ship building . In this galaxy games you can build starships and evolve your spaceship and astracraft like in space games Stellaris or Hades star . You also can upgrade your space arena and starbases as you wish unlimitedly. Make your space shooter ships on the mars horizon . Feel like spaceship builder and MergeCrafter in the mindustry of our spaceship games and construct spaceships . Build the best fighter ship and win galaxy wars in this galaxy games . It’s also for fan of simulation apps like pocket build and sandship or adventure like astracraft . Even if you like spaceship games with space shooter ships or spaceflight simulator you’ll appreciate spaceship game

SPACESHIP GAME MAIN FEATURES:

💥 Save the Galaxy in arcade galaxy shooter game space combat and original action shooter , Best Galaxy Attack battle of all space games in the galactica . Offline epic combat strategy game with multiplayer PvP arcade

💥 Alien shooter on the Stellaris . Galaxy is attacked by cosmic invaders ! Shoot bosses in our star shooter . This infinity shooting game with space battles . Fight armadas on space shooter ships in an epic combat attack on fire . Do you hear Eve echoes ?

💥 Epic clash fights on the fighter ship in the age of war like in Hades star . Action shooter with striker bosses on the Mars horizon . Best space armada and epic combat strategy game waits for spaceship dodge enemy's bullets and alien invaders in multiplayer PvP

💥 Alien shooter with strategic gameplay & PvP battle with alien leagues . Space shooting game 24/7! Our alien shooter is the greatest starfleet armada and epic action game in space of free space games genre offline games . Shoot bosses and cosmic settlers in galactic team battle of terragenesis

💥 Spaceship builder - build starships and construct spaceships & customize fighter ship and space arena sandship like MergeCrafter or Mars Horizon