THE CONTENTS OF THIS TRANSMISSION ARE PROTECTED UNDER THE STATUTES OF THE PREVENTION OF ESPIONAGE ACT OF THE VENIRI HIGH COUNCIL. ANY REPRODUCTION OF THIS TRANSMISSION EITHER FULL OR IN PART IS PUNISHABLE BY DEATH BY AIRLOCK.
Date: [██████]
Time: [██████]

(Transmission begins)
   "This is log entry #2051 of the exploration squad Javelin class vessel 'Interloper'. Exploration of site 51, coordinates [██████, ██████] have been unproductive.
    We have not found a suitable planet for our race to settle upon. Proceeding to site 52, 60 LY away from 51. ETA is 72 hours. Signing off."
   "This is log entry #2052 of the exploration squad Javelin class vessel 'Interloper'. Exploration of site 52, coordinates [██████, ██████] proved it to be uninhabitable for human life due to heavy oxidisation of the surface as well as the atmosphere.
    However, exploration of the site revealed a monumental ruin left behind by an alien civilization an unspecified amount of time ago.
    Radioactivity decay scanning revealed the structure to be at least from the Era of Warriors.
    Upon detecting no traps or defenses around the structure, team 2 entered the structure via the main port of entry while team 1 started behind to run further tests on the composition of the structure.
    Team 1 failed to report any significant findings as the composition of the material couldn't be matched to any known element or compound. A sample was collected and stored in a sterile chamber for further study.
    Team 2 found a passageway leading to the depths of the structure, which they followed to a giant computer terminal.
    The machine could not be powered up and so, team 2 managed to salvage it's data unit along with other technology from the storage compartment where the data unit was located.
    Upon connecting it to the ship's computer, it appeared to contain a large amount of data in a language that does not match with any known language in the Veniri Galactic Database.
    The data unit and the other salvaged devices were placed in the custody of the Council's Science Team upon return to the starbase."

(Transmission ends)

   The alien equipment brought back by the Interloper was carefully analyzed and most of it was found to be in a state of extreme oxidation.
   However the Science Team managed to salvage one functional device and managed to reverse engineer it to create the first prototype of what was soon widely known as the 'Cloaking Module', a device that rendered a ship immune to harm by phasing it out if the path of any event fire directed towards it.
   The cloaking device became a highly popular technology which led to the Veniri being approached by other factions looking to trade with them in return for their own technology and knowledge.
   It was this boost in their relations with other factions that led the Veniri High Council to understand that the data unit they had salvaged was Sruttian, and that they held perhaps the only remnant of what was a long lost civilization.
   Using their resources and contacts they gleaned that they would need an energy device, an ancient translator to decode the data. The High Council put all that had into obtaining the device until they procured a copy a while after the Interloper was decommissioned.
   Upon connecting the device to the MkVII quantum computer, the data was revealed to be split into two time periods. The most recent entry was from the Era of Warriors, putting it roughly in the same time as the structure it was recovered from.
   The oldest entry however, was from the WECrium period; a period far before most of the factions existed, back when most star systems were still in a primordial phase, a period of which next to nothing was known, until now. The decrypted data is as follows:

1) The Eobnurian entries:

   This is for the record. To make sure not only what's left of our species is remembered, but also Galimulator, our home. A universe beyond the laws that govern most of reality here.
   where time only moves forward and stars are eternal, where matter could be created from nothing. it was occupied by giant cosmic beings some which feed on stars and those of us who fought against them.
   The Eobnurians, we call ourselves. Since we first set foot here in your universe we expanded our influence greatly and brought peace to most of the inhabitable sectors of the universe.
   We stepped in and ceased the wars between other civilisations and procured their engines of destruction to prevent further conflicts. 
   
   One of the biggest threats to our existence were the monstrous cosmic beings which fed upon the energy provided by stars to multiply, one mechanic multiplying itself into various more sophisticated copies of itself, the other who taunts us all through a voice everyone in its victinity can hear.
   A star that has been fed upon this way becomes disrupted for millennia, losing its capability to release radiation and leaves behind storms in its wake, which is fatal to any of the planets caught in the expanse.
   These so called smatters eventually came in hordes, moving from galaxy to galaxy, their numbers growing tenfold with each galaxy devoured, leaving behind an innumerable amount of destroyed planets and thousands of civilizations each with their own culture and hopes.
   Throughout the aeons, we managed to kill many of them and even managed to drive them away to the uninhabited sections of the universe, away from the main superclusters where we reside.
   Following that, such attacks were few and far between and always easily repelled by even a single battle fleet.
   Apart from these beings, the only other threat were quiescers, mysterious storms of unknown origins that could span entire galaxies and reduce them to a primordial state.
   The reason behind their sudden appearance and equally sudden disappearance in various locations throughout the universe was still unknown but it mattered not, for our ships had been modified to be able to travel inside of these storms without being destroyed.
   With the results of our research into space-time, we managed to perfect the technique of creating our own scaled-down dimensions to be used as storage spaces carried inside drop ships, each of which was more than enough to hold evacuees from the star systems caught up in the storms. For aeons, we evacuated and relocated entire galaxies and kept exploring more and more of Galimulator via deep space probes.

   It was one of these probes that encountered anomalous readings while passing by a galaxy overrun with disrupted stars. The gravitational readings were far above the estimated levels. A research team was subsequently dispatched, which reached a grave conclusion.
   The team's deep scanners picked up a massive amount of beings feeding upon the neighbouring galaxies and the mass density for the sector being excessively above the safe limits.
   Other teams were dispatched to check for data in other directions and every single team detected the same result. The amount of mass in the universe had increased far beyond the safe limits.
   Advanced scientific probes were dispatched by the teams, which reached the edge of Galimulator's expanse far sooner than expected. The universe was no longer expanding, but was collapsing slowly under the gravitational forces generated by the sheer amount of matter within itself.
   The probe dispatched towards the eastern superlocation detected a group of megamassive queiscers travelling towards the centre of the universe, towards all we had built.
   It would take aeons to reach the centre but it inevitability would. The environment inside the storms proved unsustainable for even our ships as the probe stopped transmitting upon entering the storm.
   Our universe was reaching its end. And we, the Eobnurians tried to do everything we could to save it.


   The entirety of the research team began looking into possible methods to slow the collapse, if not stop it along with preparing a viable strategy for tackling the quiescer storm coming our way. The only positive side to the whole situation was the origin of the megamassive queiscers being at the eastern edge, the furthest from the main concentration of our colonies.
   The amount of time we had on hand wasn't infinite but it was enough to devise countermeasures, or so we thought. As the aeons passed, we learned that the collapse could not be stopped. Galimulator would eventually cease to exist. The countermeasure program could however slow it down.
   Careful calculations were made, which showed promise. The device was expected to be of extremely gigantic proportions, drawing upon itself for the energy it would need to generate a counterforce against the gravitational force, being able to slow it down as well as the quiescers.
   Our Simulator computers ran thousands upon thousands of simulations, each of which showed an extremely high rate of success in our endeavours. All throughout this time, the device was being constructed and the quiescers kept getting closer until finally, it was ready and not a moment too soon, for the megamassive quiescer storm had almost made it to the centre. Our ships had been hard at work, transferring entire galaxies into their dimensional storage units, thereby preventing their destruction by the storm.
   Far more ships patrolled the device itself and the galaxies surrounding it, which had been evacuated long ago. The quiescers were now detectable on deep space scanners. It was time to turn the device on.

   As the command was fed into the input console, the machinery inside started powering up with a high pitched hum. The movements of the components achieved their maximum velocity and power consumption and the readings from the device were synchronous with those obtained during the simulations.
   On the scanners, the quiescers slowed down. The readings from gravity scanners also showed the values returning to near normal levels. And then it happened. Arrogant as we were, we overlooked the idea that for all our calculations and simulations, every factor could not be considered and tackled. The counterforce applied was in excess of what would be needed once the device moved past its powering up phase. The error was slight but the consequences were catastrophic.

   On the eastern side of the superstructure, the readings grew more and more erratic as the eastern wall started bulging. Frantic transmissions jammed the entire communication channels as ships broadcasted alerts about the impending catastrophe and started transferring nearby galaxies to their dimensional storage units.
   The bulge grew in size before finally rupturing and releasing an expanding bubble of an undefined form of energy, immediately converting the ships and entities caught up in the initial blast to a state that was not matter but not quite energy either. Demattered, as we came to call it later.
    As for the device, nothing remained of it. In its place lay a hole in the very fabric of space and time, which opened into a void darker than generated experimental singularities. But we understood that the hole was our only remaining option, for it's very existence meant that we had doomed Galimulator to a cataclysmic fate. Every demattered ship made its way to the hole and the ships on the fringes followed closely. Then as one, all the remaining demattered Eobnurians travelled through the hole, into the void, into planes unknown.
   The ships at the outermost fringes saw the bubble collapse and too and turn into a rapidly speeding purple cloud which and the message send from the inside of the bubble, they jumped immediately, unfortunately for the rest it soon reached velocities greater than that of light.
   
   The interdimensional void was something we knew something of, but little about. Supposedly home to monsters even worse than the Cecaelian abominations and Elder things could rip a ship in half, it was hardly a plane we would traverse if we had another option. 
   All the ships held a tight formation as we held a straight course from the hole. However, the scanners were all garbled so the warp drives were unusable. 
   Further into the void, the navigation computers started glitching, sending ships off-course and resulting in many collisions. In the end, pilots had to switch to the override and control the ships themselves. The smaller ships were advised to dock with the larger ones for their own safety. Travelling via a line of sight was something our civilization hadn't been reduced to in a long time and hence, was difficult to get accustomed to.
   The sights the void offered were no help either. Except for the lights on the ships and the engines of the ones before us, everything else was dark and even the lights seemed like they would be overrun by darkness at any moment. Upon establishing a reliable line of communication, incoming reports made the gravity of the situation clear.

   Many of the ships that did survive the end of Galimulator did not manage to do so unscathed. The initial explosion and then the jump into the void had damaged components on a number of ships. Most ships reported a warp drive malfunction and had to shut down power to the drive. Quite a few had suffered reactor damage after being demattered and would soon be forced to run on reserve power.
   Others had ruptured fuel cells while some ships had failing engines. More alarming than that were the readings on the energy sensors, showing an extremely high intensity and dense zone of energy all around the ships. Analysis of the energy signature revealed no insight to it's nature, but the crew could feel the presence of something like malevolence in the void that they were travelling through.
   The only option was to push forward without slowing down or changing course, and that is what every ship did.

   The damaged ships started falling behind, their diminishing power output no longer being able to sustain all the components. To keep maximum power supply to the engines, power was diverted from other non essential components such as lighting and climate control systems. But these measures only ameliorated the problem temporarily. The first ship to go dark was a transport which had ruptured two of its fuel cells. The reactor had been overloaded to cover the constant energy losses but ultimately, it gave out under the increased load.
   Outgoing communications from the transport ship mentioned the dark areas of the ship claiming the lives of the crew members, with the remaining ones on the verge of losing their mental faculties. All of them spoke of abominations and demons in the shadows as the communication channel became increasingly garbled. A rescue operation would entail breaking the pace, something which could not be done regardless of the cost. The remainder of the crew was advised to board the escape pods and lifeboats, continue making their way towards the main fleet and dock with one of the bigger ships.
   Lifeboats and escape pods were jettisoned from the ship, but most never made it to the fleet. The entire incident only made the Eobnurians push forward with even more urgency. One by one, the damaged ships went dark and fell behind. The ones which couldn't be evacuated in time suffered grisly fates of an unknown nature. On the other hand, the energy released by the destruction of Galimulator resonated throughout the void, attracting the attention of a rusty cosmic being...

   Shortly after dispatching the first WEC incarnate, the Rustlord had gone back into hibernation in the interdimensional void. His slumber was disturbed by an enormous wave of energy which carried with it tidings of destruction of a universe. Wanting to look at the situation with his own eyes, the Rustlord started moving across the void at speeds far exceeding those of light towards the point where the wave had originated.
   As he neared the origin, he stopped upon noticing an enormous fleet of ships of all sizes travelling through the void. The fleet noticed His presence as soon as he noticed theirs, halting their advance momentarily. The Eobnurians did not know what to make of this being that suddenly appeared before them but they knew they could not stop or go back.
   They communicated amongst themselves and came to a decision. As the being looked at them, as if sizing them up, the 'Sovereign', the last of an old line of ships charged at him. Equipped with engines that provided enough thrust to maintain a high velocity indefinitely, weapons powerful enough to level entire battle fleets in a few volleys and a crew that had seen more battles and rescue operations than any other, she was ageing but by no means obsolete.
   The Rustlord regarded the solitary ship with amusement. There he was, practically a God, and a single ship was brave enough or foolish enough to think it could attack him. He thought of letting it get extremely close before decimating it, to send a message to the fleet that dared to stand against him. As the Sovereign reached the firing range was for its weapons, the guns started charging up.
   The Rustlord was about to destroy the ship when he noticed all the demattered rust fragments it's hull and stopped. Here, in the interdimensional void where matter couldn't exist, where rust couldn't exist, he saw rust in a form never seen before and it intrigued him deeply and he decided to communicate with these beings.

   The flagship received a foreign signal on their communications channel, seemingly originating from the being. Upon opening up the channel, the being introduced himself as the Rustlord and demanded to know why their fleet was traversing the void and what their intentions were.
   He listened as the captain of the flagship explained the situation and decided to offer them an exchange. He wanted all the demattered rust on the hull of every ship in the fleet and in exchange, he agreed to fulfil one collective request from the Eobnurians. They wanted only one thing, another home to reside in and readily accepted the Rustlord's offer.
   As he collected the rust from the hulls, the Rustlord wondered what Galimulator looked like and when the last molecule of rust had been stripped from the hull of the last ship, he teleported the entire Eobnurian fleet to his universe where he had laid waste to the first WEC. Then he returned to his palace with the demattered rust to study it and then use it to adorn his abode.

   The Eobnurians on the other hand, found themselves transported to a universe which appeared to be barely starting upon its long journey across the cosmic timeline. This universe however, was governed by laws and rules of reality far different from Galimulator, and the demattered state of the Eobnurians made it weirder. To be able to survive in this new universe, they would need a space where the some of the rules of their old universe would apply. So after careful consideration and calculations, they set up a massive quantum bubblen governed by the laws of reality they were used to.
   Ships unloaded all the galaxies that had in their dimensional storage units into the new dimension, which they decided to call 'Sanctuary'. The Sanctuary being a space of such massive proportions could be self-sustainable if kept closed. but the we being curious, the decision was made to keep it accessible from the outside. To prevent detection and to ward off potential intruders, the entrance to Sanctuary was placed near a singularity caused by a collapsing star and within their new home, the Eobnurians started collecting resources from nearby nebulae and asteroids for study and to repair their ships and eventually restore their civilization to its former glory.
   The Rustlord had transported them on one condition and that was to never send out battle fleets for any purpose, lest they repeat history. So, to learn about their new home, the Eobnurians fashioned and dispatched scanner probes in every direction, loaded with an array of sensors and transmitters, carefully managed by an AI system they called the Vehement Lecturer which was to provide any advanced civilization it encountered with their history and all the data the probes could collect, thereby propagating knowledge throughout the universe. After the last probe was sent out, the Central AI which governed and automated most of the processes for the Eobnurians beeped an alert.
   It had been running simulations on the possible paths of the probes and predicted a high possibility in the distant future of consequences which would be dire in nature and far reaching. However the probes could no longer be recalled. The Eobnurians could do nothing but watch from their Sanctuary as the probes made their way to the deepest reaches of a young universe...
