Rusted Lore 1: Dawn of Chaos

Human society most commonly accepts the "Big Bang Theory" devised in early 1900 AD. Theories are, of course, only theories - they cannot be proven, only disproven. Humans do not seek to possess truth; only the truth that suits them best. They cannot possibly be more misinformed.

I am Uqqoai Varnix of the Korerans, and I am here to bring any humans who might read my texts into the light. I have studied the origins of the universe for 230 years in the University of Procyon-A, and while most species are aware of my findings by now, the Swarm council decided it is time for the lesser lifeforms (humans, rustfungi, xaaba) to learn of the origins of the universe that we all share.


To begin with, there was no such thing as a "singularity" containing all matter that exists and would ever exist. This is impossible. There has always been one entity before the beginning of our universe and it will remain until its death. This entity is commonly known as Rustlord.

Rustlord, possessing all knowledge, is aware that without iron or oxygen, there cannot be rust. In a fit of angst, Rustlord created the universe by smashing together two enormous multidimensional plates, a bit like the human instrument "cymbals".

However, Rustlord saw that in the chaos that unfolded from the broken plates there was no tarnishing taking place. To instigate this, Rustlord created the first entity - Jan Salo. Jan was tasked with the management of stars. 
To create a star, Jan consumes enormous amounts of hydrogen fuel and compresses them into a core. He is equally charged with keeping a balance of live and dead stars in the universe. It is still unknown how Jan collapses stars, but he is capable of instantly destroying entire systems. Some scholars amongst my fellow Korerans suspect Jan is the cause of all entropy in the universe.

Jan was not created as a godlike entity. The one thing that Rustlord cannot create is a being equal to itself. Jan was created with the unfortunate urge to seek out other lifeforms such as himself, which did not exist at the time.
As planets started to form due to gravity, Jan introduced oxygen, carbon and iron to cooling planets in order to create the first lifeform - the rustfungus. The rustfungus is perhaps one of the most disgusting lifeforms in the known universe, however I will have to discuss this in a later document - as your technology is so backwards and inferior to ours we are having trouble transmitting a complete document. Be ready for the next instalment.


